1. Solar eclipses, Droughts, Earthquakes, Greenhouse Effect, Volcanoes

2. Droughts: The US drought monitor provided by drought.gov gives a detailed map showing if and where droughts are
             happening in the US as well as its level of severity. 38.5% of California is in some form of drought
             with most severe droughts happening in Southern California.
   Solar eclipses: So apparantly lunar and solar eclipses are two different things woah. "timeanddate.com" gives
                   maps and dates of upcoming lunar and solar eclipses to happen across the globe, providing a 
                   map that indicates what region of the planet will experience a change in light.
   Greenhouse effect: National Geographic describes the Greenhouse Effect as excess human contribution of
                      greenhouse gasses like carbon dioxide to the atmosphere, causing more heat energy from
                      sunlight to be trapped within our atmosphere and increasing the severity of global warming.
                      Sea ice as a result is melting rapidly, causing ocean levels to rise drastically.

3. Greenhouse Effect:
	By taking data of ocean levels within the past years, we can model that data and find patterns in sea
        level change. Using python, we can write a function/functions to predict the sea levels in the future,
        giving data on which countries are at risk of being sea-bound within a certain time frame.

4. Dream Project: Do the above ^ with every ocean on Earth, seeing how global warming+glacier melting affects
                  each area of the world differently. Get a detailed model of how sea level endangers the entire
                  planet.
   Simpler Project: Accumulate sea level data for just one or two oceans (maybe the Pacific and Atlantic since
                    they are the biggest and encompass the East and West coasts of the USA) and use Python to 
                    predict sea levels to see how increase greenhouse affects the USA's shorelines.

